README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - REST Countries API with color theme switcher solution

This is a solution to the [REST Countries API with color theme switcher challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/rest-countries-api-with-color-theme-switcher-5cacc469fec04111f7b848ca). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

To integrate with the [REST Countries API](https://restcountries.eu) to pull country data and display it like in the reference designs.

Users should be able to:

- See all countries from the API on the homepage
- Search for a country using an `input` field
- Filter countries by region
- Click on a country to see more detailed information on a separate page
- Click through to the border countries on the detail page
- Toggle the color scheme between light and dark mode _(optional)_

### Screenshot

![Reference preview](./design/reference/desktop-preview.jpg)

#### Reference images

- [Desktop Home Light](./design/reference/desktop-design-home-light.jpg)
- [Desktop Home Dark](./design/reference/desktop-design-home-dark.jpg)
- [Desktop Detail Light](./design/reference/desktop-design-detail-light.jpg)
- [Desktop Detail Dark](./design/reference/desktop-design-detail-dark.jpg)
- [Mobile Home Light](./design/reference/mobile-design-home-light.jpg)
- [Mobile Home Dark](./design/reference/mobile-design-home-dark.jpg)
- [Mobile Detail Light](./design/reference/mobile-design-detail-light.jpg)
- [Mobile Detail Dark](./design/reference/mobile-design-detail-dark.jpg)

### Links

- [Repository](https://github.com/richardcyrus/fm-rest-countries-api-app)
- [Live Site](https://fm-rest-countries-api-app.vercel.app/)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - JS library
- [Next.js](https://vitejs.dev/) - a build tool that aims to provide a faster and leaner development experience for modern web projects
- [Axios](https://axios-http.com/)
- [React Query](https://react-query.tanstack.com/)

### Useful resources

- [A Modern CSS Reset](https://piccalil.li/blog/a-modern-css-reset/)
- [A Complete Guide to Flexbox](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/)
- [A Complete Guide to Grid](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/complete-guide-grid/)
- [Set up Light and Dark Theme in React](https://milddev.com/react/set-up-light-and-dark-theme-in-react/)

## Author

- Website - [www.richardcyrus.com](https://www.richardcyrus.com)
- Frontend Mentor - [@richardcyrus](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/richardcyrus)

Commit message:

Add site header and theme toggle

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - REST Countries API with color theme switcher solution

This is a solution to the [REST Countries API with color theme switcher challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/rest-countries-api-with-color-theme-switcher-5cacc469fec04111f7b848ca). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

To integrate with the [REST Countries API](https://restcountries.eu) to pull country data and display it like in the reference designs.

Users should be able to:

- See all countries from the API on the homepage
- Search for a country using an `input` field
- Filter countries by region
- Click on a country to see more detailed information on a separate page
- Click through to the border countries on the detail page
- Toggle the color scheme between light and dark mode _(optional)_

### Screenshot

![Reference preview](./design/reference/desktop-preview.jpg)

#### Reference images

- [Desktop Home Light](./design/reference/desktop-design-home-light.jpg)
- [Desktop Home Dark](./design/reference/desktop-design-home-dark.jpg)
- [Desktop Detail Light](./design/reference/desktop-design-detail-light.jpg)
- [Desktop Detail Dark](./design/reference/desktop-design-detail-dark.jpg)
- [Mobile Home Light](./design/reference/mobile-design-home-light.jpg)
- [Mobile Home Dark](./design/reference/mobile-design-home-dark.jpg)
- [Mobile Detail Light](./design/reference/mobile-design-detail-light.jpg)
- [Mobile Detail Dark](./design/reference/mobile-design-detail-dark.jpg)

### Links

- [Repository](https://github.com/richardcyrus/fm-rest-countries-api-app)
- [Live Site](https://fm-rest-countries-api-app.vercel.app/)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - JS library
- [Next.js](https://vitejs.dev/) - a build tool that aims to provide a faster and leaner development experience for modern web projects
- [Axios](https://axios-http.com/)
- [React Query](https://react-query.tanstack.com/)
- [Heroicons](https://heroicons.com)

### Useful resources

- [A Modern CSS Reset](https://piccalil.li/blog/a-modern-css-reset/)
- [A Complete Guide to Flexbox](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/)
- [A Complete Guide to Grid](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/complete-guide-grid/)
- [Set up Light and Dark Theme in React](https://milddev.com/react/set-up-light-and-dark-theme-in-react/)
- [A Dark Mode Toggle with React and ThemeProvider](https://css-tricks.com/a-dark-mode-toggle-with-react-and-themeprovider/)
- [Guide to Advanced CSS Selectors - Part One](https://moderncss.dev/guide-to-advanced-css-selectors-part-one/#attribute-selector)

## Author

- Website - [www.richardcyrus.com](https://www.richardcyrus.com)
- Frontend Mentor - [@richardcyrus](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/richardcyrus)
